---
id: vaults
title: "Vaults"
sidebar_label: "Vaults"
---

## GBUNNY Staking Farm

In this farm, users can stake using their GBUNNY tokens, while getting
back WBNB. The APR for this farm is dependent on the performance of all
the other farms, since the 30% performance fee on other farms are what
is collected and given out as the reward/roi for the GBUNNY staking pool.
GBUNNY Pool has no withdrawal fee and no performance fee.

## CAKE Auto Compounding Farm

The CAKE farm is where you can reap the benefits of automating
compounding and the high APY. There should be a withdrawal fee of 0.5%
if withdrawn within 72 hours. The 30% performance fee is collected but
for every 1 BNB in fees collected, we give 15 GBUNNY, so you’re getting
free money.

## Maximizer PancakeSwap Farms

The Maximizer farms takes the profits that come out of the original
compounded Pancakeswap farm, and puts it into the CAKE auto-compounding
farm, in order to give you a higher apy, while protecting your
principal. There should be a withdrawal fee of 0.5% if withdrawn within
72 hours. With the Maximizer Farms, users can claim their profits,
without exiting the farm.

According to our test calculations, assuming that CAKE price stays
constant, USDT-BNB Farm APY is 30%, and CAKE APR is 300%, then the APY
of someone who deposits into the “Yield Maximizing USDT-BNB Farm” would
be 189.9%. This is much higher than the 30% achieved by simply
compounding USDT-BNB, yet the risk is very minimal. The only risks would
be if CAKE price drops significantly, or if the CAKE APR drops as well.
That being said even if the CAKE price drops significantly the principal
amount invested in USDT and BNB would still be the same.